Review Environment

Submission ID: 44eb3e0b-9beb-4149-bda2-6400d703f681
Review date: November 25, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.0.0

Guideline 2.3.8 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

The app or its metadata does not appear to include final content. Specifically, the app icon displayed on the device is blank.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please ensure all the app icons are finalized and similar enough to each other to avoid creating confusion. When users search for the app on their devices, they should be able to recognize it.

Resources

- Learn more about adding icons.
- Learn more about accurate metadata requirements in guideline 2.3.8.

Guideline 3.1.2 - Business - Payments - Subscriptions

We noticed that one or more of your auto-renewable subscriptions is marketed in the purchase flow in a manner that may mislead or confuse users about the subscription terms or pricing. Specifically:

- Your app offers a free trial or introductory period but does not make it clear that a payment will be automatically initiated for the next subscription period.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your auto-renewable subscription purchase flow to clearly indicate how long the free trial lasts and the amount that will be billed after the free trial is over.

Resources

- See design guidance for auto-renewable subscriptions in the Human Interface Guidelines, including how to create a positive onboarding experience.
- Learn more about offering auto-renewable subscriptions in your app.

Guideline 5.6 - Developer Code of Conduct

The app attempts to manipulate customers into making unwanted in-app purchases. Specifically, your app prompts a user a second time to purchase the subscription.

Next Steps

- Review the Developer Code of Conduct.
- Revise the app to comply with these requirements.
- Once the app is fully compliant, resubmit the app for review.

Guideline 2.3.2 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

We noticed your app's metadata refers to paid content or features, but they are not clearly identified as requiring additional purchase. Specifically, your app description does not inform users that a purchase is required to access this content.

Paid digital content referenced in your metadata must be clearly labelled to ensure users understand what is and isn't included in your app.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please remove these references or clearly mark paid content or features as requiring separate purchases.

Resources

- Learn more about this requirement App Review Guideline 2.3.2.
- Learn how to upload screenshots and previews or edit app information on App Store Connect Help.

Support

- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.
